# integration_gptzero

Nextcloud GPTZero integration to detect AI-generated content

It allows to send text or files to GPTZero API and detect if the content is generated by an AI.

## ⚠️**Deprecated**️⚠️

This app is deprecated and will no longer be maintained.

## GPTZero results

Possible results are:
* Most likely written by a Human
* May include parts written by an AI
* Partially based on input or other sources. Unknown really
* Most likely generated by an AI

Formula to detect generated content is:
```	
if X < completely_generated_prob.min:
	if average_generated_prob <= Y:
  		return `Most likely written by a Human`
	return `May include parts written by an AI`
else if X > completely_generated_prob.max:
	if average_generated_prob <= Y:
  		return `May include parts written by an AI`
	return `Most likely generated by an AI`
else:
	if average_generated_prob <= Y:
		return `Unknown really`
	return `May include parts written by an AI`
```

## Ethical AI Rating
### Rating: 🔴

Negative:
* the software for training and inferencing of this model is proprietary, limiting running it locally or training by yourself
* the trained model is not freely available, so the model can not be ran on-premises
* the training data is not freely available, limiting the ability of external parties to check and correct for bias or optimise the model’s performance and CO2 usage.

Learn more about the Nextcloud Ethical AI Rating [in our blog](https://nextcloud.com/blog/nextcloud-ethical-ai-rating/).

## 🔧 Configuration

### Admin settings

Visit "Connected accounts" **admin** settings section and fill `GPTZero API key`

There is `Completely generated probability` minimum and maximum values and `Average generated probability` value.

## 🛠️ State of maintenance

While there are some things that could be done to further improve this app, the app is currently maintained with **limited effort**. This means:

* The main functionality works for the majority of the use cases
* We will ensure that the app will continue to work like this for future releases and we will fix bugs that we classify as 'critical'
* We will not invest further development resources ourselves in advancing the app with new features
* We do review and enthusiastically welcome community PR's

We would be more than excited if you would like to collaborate with us. We will merge pull requests for new features and fixes. We also would love to welcome co-maintainers.

If you are a customer of Nextcloud and you have a strong business case for any development of this app, we will consider your wishes for our roadmap. Please contact your account manager to talk about the possibilities.
